feature: Customer Registry quickstart bootstrap (#203)
lightbend/akkaserverless-java-sdk: samples/customer-registry-quickstart/README.md

# Quickstart project: Customer Registry

# TODO update for quickstart instructions

## Designing

> While designing your service it is useful to read [designing services](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/designing/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand the Akka Serverless concepts that are a basis for this example, see [Designing services](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/designing/index.html) in the documentation.
```

## Developing

> This project has a bare-bones skeleton service ready to go, but in order to adapt and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project demonstrates use of Value Entity and View components.
```

> extend it it may be useful to read up on [developing services](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/developing/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand more about these components, see 
```

> and in particular the [Java section](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/java-services/index.html)

Reviewer: ``` [Developing with Java](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/java-services/index.html)
```

## Building

> To build, at a minimum you need to generate and process sources, particularly when using an IDE.

Reviewer: Not sure this sentence makes sense in the context of this sample, but I'm not sure how to change it?

Reviewer 2: I agree this is a confusing sentence. Maybe just let's say "You can use Maven to build your project, which will also take care of generating code based on the `.proto` definitions:"?

To compile your project:

```
mvn compile
```

## Running Locally

> In order to run your application locally, you must run the Akka Serverless proxy. The included `docker-compose` file contains the configuration required to run the proxy for a locally running application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the example locally, you must run the Akka Serverless proxy. The included `docker-compose` file contains the configuration required to run the proxy.
```

* Create a customer with:
  ```
  grpcurl --plaintext -d '{"customer_id": "wip", "email": "wip@example.com", "name": "Very Important", "address": {"street": "Road 1", "city": "The Capital"}}' localhost:9000  customer.api.CustomerService/Create
  ```
* Retrieve the customer:
  ```
  grpcurl --plaintext -d '{"customer_id": "wip"}' localhost:9000  customer.api.CustomerService/GetCustomer
  ```
* Query by name:
  ```
  grpcurl --plaintext -d '{"customer_name": "Very Important"}' localhost:9000 customer.view.CustomerByName/GetCustomers
  ```
* Change name:
  ```
  grpcurl --plaintext -d '{"customer_id": "wip", "new_name": "Most Important"}' localhost:9000 customer.api.CustomerService/ChangeName
  ```
* Change address:
  ```
  grpcurl --plaintext -d '{"customer_id": "wip", "new_address": {"street": "Street 1", "city": "The City"}}' localhost:9000 customer.api.CustomerService/ChangeAddress
  ```

## Deploying

To deploy your service, install the `akkasls` CLI as documented in
[Setting up a local development environment](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/getting-started/set-up-development-env.html)
and configure a Docker Registry to upload your docker image to.

> You will need to update the `akkasls.dockerImage` property in the `pom.xml` and refer to

Reviewer: It looks to me like the property is `dockerImage` not `akkasls.dockerImage`?

Reviewer 2: Yes

(this should probably be updated everywhere)

[Configuring registries](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/deploying/registries.html)
for more information on how to make your docker image available to Akka Serverless.

> Finally you can or use the [Akka Serverless Console](https://console.akkaserverless.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally you can use `akkasls` or  the [Akka Serverless Console](https://console.akkaserverless.com)
```

to create a project and then deploy your service into the project either by using `mvn deploy`,

> through the `akkasls` CLI or via the web interface. When using `mvn deploy`, Maven will also

Reviewer: The way this sentence reads, it sounds like they can use mvn deploy in the web interface. It needs to be rewritten because if they use the console, they still need to package and publish the image. Is there a separate mvn target for that that doesn't deploy? If not, we should just tell them to use the CLI.

Reviewer 2: that is a great question that I don't know the answer to offhand. let's ticketify
